c:\users\divinestickz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\bin\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.exe.config
c:\users\divinestickz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\bin\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.exe
c:\users\divinestickz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\bin\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.pdb
c:\users\divinestickz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\divinestickz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN_APP.CUSTOMER_FILE.resources
c:\users\divinestickz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN_APP.LOGIN.resources
c:\users\divinestickz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN_APP.Properties.Resources.resources
c:\users\divinestickz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN_APP.STOCK_FILE.resources
c:\users\divinestickz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\divinestickz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.exe
c:\users\divinestickz\documents\visual studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.pdb
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\bin\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.accdb
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKEN APP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN_APP.STOCK_FILE_DISPLAY.resources
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\bin\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.exe.config
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.exe
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.pdb
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\bin\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.accdb
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\bin\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.exe
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\bin\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.pdb
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN_APP.CUSTOMER_FILE.resources
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN_APP.LOGIN.resources
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN_APP.Properties.Resources.resources
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN_APP.STOCK_FILE_DISPLAY.resources
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN_APP.STOCK_FILE.resources
C:\Users\Divinestickz\Documents\Visual Studio 2015\Projects\HEINEKENAPP\HEINEKEN APP\obj\Debug\HEINEKEN APP.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
